for a famous taboo stable shut up
shut up it's a proof you want us to
fight the mud or buy or theo
theo good I love you or give me back
in view of the size of your zisis a pad
possible I'll try nemec theo it's
what as far as it goes go i'm going
stain me I was taking care of time that
buy weapons
because there with what I'm going to
put you are going to need it yes good
the serious ones besides you play next to
your mother the guy who come to tell me
fuck your mother there is her mother next door and
me your mother why but what
is furious at sea of regret I am
sorry for all the papers of fass
yelling sorry frankly you know
what you have to listen to for a moment
because it's true that playing gta
it's not to get excited like that
I do not want to annoy you rail
transit of teams that make up this
long and lina who gets tired of a microphone
to are those who sowed rises just down there
he 's saying ah ah ah the dock
he was shouted by his mother
what is your vehicle in the chin
vehicle I cut you the nec match
demonstrate one breaks everything really ashamed to
I teach you I teach you
vocabulary I teach you to speak
properly my case there that you see
cap or what I'm not here
to play a helmet to that
why do not I have the video early do you
like that so then threw misery
buy not put misery
hugo boss kop west a small ass range
I'm putting their women on the ground
lose bushman art
a guy I'm putting you down the end of your
pocket no I like your shower not south by
the sea
[Music]
because what is put on the ground the
maintenance and other cats to whip
what does not cover what my mother see you
I respect it you see and so I
know I will not insult the mayors
others you go because I respect
my mother and I respect your mother you
see and so suddenly me my mother she
is nice to me you see
for the good of all
[Music]
and then ask hulu
ghaleb monday but not for those who
run me that I have no problem
the contract choirs are going
the other
you have your mouth like that you do
although in the pentagon as to cork
contrazy contractures and what
offer you contract with the shots of
tamara hearts will not come too strong the
Sea is becoming
[Music]
go I do not go whistle as long as
I take off the cop
[Music]
lalala lalala lalala lalala not even
kill his buddy nico eu welcome among the
kikoo guy done well
he can die look at the police and the
police you will die in a fetal position
by the police
he is 9 times more
[Music]
did not you like that living room room the room
soil my name is jean kévin and I do
videos on youtube is trolling
I'm sorry to me I know that a plate
laugh
[Music]
simon gass and I this inquiry is from
rigor
[Music]